.TH GIT-SHUFFLE 1 "25 December, 2019" "Gitz 0.9.13" "Gitz Manual"

.SH NAME
git-shuffle - Reorder and delete commits in the current branch

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
.ft C
git shuffle [-h] [-q] [-v] [-s [SQUASH]] [-n] shuffle
.ft P
.fi


.SH DESCRIPTION
Shuffles the commits in the current branch, perhaps deleting some.

.sp
The single argument is a pattern where underscores mean commits to be
deleted, and alphabetic characters mean commits to be shuffled.

.sp
For example, \fBgit shuffle ba\fP switches the first and second most
recent commits, \fBgit shuffle cba\fP swaps the first and third
commits, \fBgit shuffle cab\fP pops the third commit to be the most
recent, top commit on the branch.

.sp
\fBgit shuffle _ba\fP deletes the most recent commit and then swaps
the next two; and \fBgit shuffle _a_b_c\fP deletes the most recent, the
third most recent and the fifth most recent commit from the branch.

.sp
If omitted, the default pattern is \fBba\fP.  Only the order of the
letters matter so \fBcba\fP, \fBZYX\fP and \fBzma\fP mean the same thing.

.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP: show this help message and exit

\fB\-q, \-\-quiet\fP: Suppress all output

\fB\-v, \-\-verbose\fP: Report all messages in great detail

\fB\-s [SQUASH], \-\-squash [SQUASH]\fP: Squash all commits into one. If an argument is provided, use it as the commit message.

\fB\-n, \-\-no\-run\fP: If set, commands will be printed but not executed


\fBshuffle\fP: Pattern string to shuffle (defaults to "ba")


.SH DANGER
Rewrites history!

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle ba \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle YX \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle 21 \fP
Switches the first and second most recent commits

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle ab \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle abc \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle 12 \fP
Do nothing

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle 312 \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle cab \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle zxy \fP
Cycles the three most recent commits so the third one is first

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle __cba_ \fP
Deletes the most recent two commeits, reverses the next three, and
deletes the sixth.

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle __cba_ \-s 'My message' \fP
.TP
.B \fB git shuffle __cba_ \-\-squash='My message' \fP
Same as the previous command, but squashes the three commits into
one with the commit message 'My message'

