.TH GIT-RENAME 1 "16 November, 2019" "Gitz 0.9.13" "Gitz Manual"

.SH NAME
git-rename - Rename a git branch locally and remotely

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
.ft C
git rename [-h] [-q] [-v] [-p] [-f] [-n] source [target]
.ft P
.fi


.SH DESCRIPTION
Rename one branch to another, both locally and in remote
branches.  If no source branch is given, the current branch is
used.

.sp
By default, the branches \fBmaster\fP and \fBdevelop\fP and the remote
\fBupstream\fP are protected, which means that they are not allowed
to be renamed from or to to.

.sp
Using the \-\-all/\-a flag allows protected branches and remotes
to be renamed.

.sp
It's also possible to override the protected branches or a
protected remote by setting one of the environment variables
GITZ_PROTECTED_BRANCHES or GITZ_PROTECTED_REMOTES
to a list separated by colons, or an empty string for no protection.

.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fP: show this help message and exit

\fB\-q, \-\-quiet\fP: Suppress all output

\fB\-v, \-\-verbose\fP: Report all messages in great detail

\fB\-p, \-\-protected\fP: Rename all, even protected remotes or branches

\fB\-f, \-\-force\fP: Force rename over existing branches

\fB\-n, \-\-no\-run\fP: If set, commands will be printed but not executed


\fBsource\fP: 

\fBtarget\fP: 


.SH DANGER
Changes remote branches!

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B \fB git rename old new \fP
Rename the branch "old" to "new", both locally and the remote
repository.

.sp
Fails if "new" exists locally or in the remote repositories.

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git rename \-a old new \fP
.TP
.B \fB git rename \-\-all old new \fP
Rename the branch "old" to "new", both locally and on the
remote repository, even protected branches or repositories.

.sp
Fails if "new" exists locally or in the remote repositories.

.sp
.TP
.B \fB git rename \-f old new \fP
.TP
.B \fB git rename \-\-force old new \fP
Rename the branch "old" to "new", both locally and on the upstream
remote repository.

.sp
Overwrites "new" if it exists locally or in the remote repository.

